---
page_title: "Resource ciphertrust_aws_key - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Use this resource to create and manage AWS keys in CipherTrust Manager.
---

# Resource "ciphertrust_aws_key" (terraform-provider-ciphertrust)

Use this resource to create and manage AWS keys in CipherTrust Manager.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Pre-requisites for AWS keys - AWS connection, AWS KMS
# Define an AWS connection
resource "ciphertrust_aws_connection" "aws-connection" {
  name = "aws-connection-name"
}
output "aws_connection_id" {
  value = ciphertrust_aws_connection.aws-connection.id
}

# Get the AWS account details
data "ciphertrust_aws_account_details" "account_details" {
  aws_connection = ciphertrust_aws_connection.aws-connection.id
}

# Define a kms
resource "ciphertrust_aws_kms" "kms" {
  depends_on = [
    ciphertrust_aws_connection.aws-connection,
  ]
  account_id     = data.ciphertrust_aws_account_details.account_details.account_id
  aws_connection = ciphertrust_aws_connection.aws-connection.id
  name           = "kms-name"
  regions        = data.ciphertrust_aws_account_details.account_details.regions
}

resource "ciphertrust_scheduler" "scheduled_rotation" {
  cckm_key_rotation_params {
    cloud_name       = "aws"
    expiration       = "2d"
    aws_retain_alias = true
  }
  name      = "scheduler-name"
  operation = "cckm_key_rotation"
  run_at    = "0 9 * * sat"
  run_on    = "any"
}

# Define a 2048 bit RSA AWS key
resource "ciphertrust_aws_key" "aws_key" {
  kms    = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.id
  region = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.regions[0]
}

# Define an AES CipherTrust key to upload to AWS
resource "ciphertrust_cm_key" "cm_key" {
  name      = "cm-key-name"
  algorithm = "aes"
}

# Upload an existing CipherTrust key to AWS
resource "ciphertrust_aws_key" "upload_aws_key" {
  kms    = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.id
  region = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.regions[0]
  upload_key {
    source_key_identifier = ciphertrust_cm_key.cm_key.id
  }
}

# Define a new CipherTrust key and import its key material to a new AWS key
resource "ciphertrust_aws_key" "import_aws_key" {
  import_key_material {
    source_key_name = "key-name"
  }
  kms    = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.id
  region = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.regions[0]
}

# Define a multi-region key
resource "ciphertrust_aws_key" "aws_multiregion_key" {
  kms          = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.id
  multi_region = true
  region       = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.regions[0]
  enable_rotation {
    disable_encrypt = false
    job_config_id   = ciphertrust_scheduler.scheduled_rotation.id
    key_source      = "ciphertrust"
  }
}

# Replicate the above key and make the replica the primary key
resource "ciphertrust_aws_key" "replicated_key" {
  region = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.regions[1]
  replicate_key {
    key_id       = ciphertrust_aws_key.aws_multiregion_key.key_id
    make_primary = true
  }
}

# Define an AWS multi-region key and import its key material from a CipherTrust key
resource "ciphertrust_aws_key" "aws_external_multiregion_key" {
  import_key_material {
    source_key_name = "cm-key-name"
  }
  kms          = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.id
  multi_region = true
  region       = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.regions[0]
}

# Replicate the above key to another region and import the same key material to the replica
resource "ciphertrust_aws_key" "external_replicated_key" {
  region = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.regions[1]
  replicate_key {
    import_key_material = true
    key_id              = ciphertrust_aws_key.aws_external_multiregion_key.key_id
  }
}

# Define am AWS key and enable autorotation by AWS
resource "ciphertrust_aws_key" "auto_rotated_aws_key" {
  kms                          = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.id
  region                       = ciphertrust_aws_kms.kms.regions[0]
  auto_rotate                  = true
  auto_rotation_period_in_days = 128
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `region` (String) AWS region in which to create the AWS key.

### Optional

- `alias` (Set of String) (Updatable) Alias(es) of the key. To allow for key rotation changing or removing original aliases, all aliases already assigned to another key will be ignored.
- `auto_rotate` (Boolean) (Updatable) Enable AWS autorotation of the key. Auto-Rotation only is only applicable to native symmetric keys.
- `auto_rotation_period_in_days` (Number) (Updatable) Rotation period in days. Optional when auto_rotate is true. If not set, AWS uses its default rotation period.
- `bypass_policy_lockout_safety_check` (Boolean) Whether to bypass the key policy lockout safety check.
- `customer_master_key_spec` (String) Whether the KMS key contains a symmetric key or an asymmetric key pair. Valid values: SYMMETRIC_DEFAULT, RSA_2048, RSA_3072, RSA_4096, ECC_NIST_P256, ECC_NIST_P384, ECC_NIST_P521, ECC_SECG_P256K1, HMAC_224, HMAC_256, HMAC_384, HMAC_512. Default is SYMMETRIC_DEFAULT. When using 'import_key_material', ECC_NIST_P256 and HMAC_224 are not supported as CipherTrust Manager cannot create those key types locally.
- `description` (String) (Updatable) Description of the AWS key. Descriptions can be updated but not removed.
- `enable_key` (Boolean) (Updatable) Enable or disable the key. Default is true.
- `enable_rotation` (Block List) (Updatable) Enable the key for scheduled rotation job. Parameters 'disable_encrypt' and 'disable_encrypt_on_all_accounts' are mutually exclusive (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enable_rotation))
- `import_key_material` (Block List) Both a 'source_key_tier' key and an AWS external key will be created. Key material from the 'source_key_tier' key will be imported to the AWS key.The 'source_key_tier' key will not be deleted on Terraform destroy. An alternative is to use 'upload_key' parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--import_key_material))
- `key_policy` (Block List) (Updatable) Key policy parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--key_policy))
- `key_usage` (String) Specifies the intended use of the key. Options are ENCRYPT_DECRYPT, SIGN_VERIFY and GENERATE_VERIFY_MAC.Default for RSA keys is ENCRYPT_DECRYPT,default for EC keys is SIGN_VERIFY, default for symmetric keys is ENCRYPT_DECRYPT and default for HMAC keys is GENERATE_VERIFY_MAC.
- `kms` (String) Name or ID of the KMS to be used to create the key. Required unless replicating a multi-region key.
- `multi_region` (Boolean) Creates or identifies a multi-region key.
- `origin` (String) Source of the key material. Options: AWS_KMS, EXTERNAL. AWS_KMS will create a native AWS key and is the default for AWS native key creation. EXTERNAL will create an external AWS key and is the default for import operations. This parameter is not required for upload operations.
- `primary_region` (String) (Updatable) Updates the primary region of a multi-region key.
- `replicate_key` (Block List) Replicate key parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--replicate_key))
- `schedule_for_deletion_days` (Number) (Updatable) Waiting period after the key is destroyed before the key is deleted. Only relevant when the resource is destroyed. Default is 7.
- `tags` (Map of String) (Updatable) A list of tags assigned to the AWS key.
- `upload_key` (Block List) Key material from the 'source_key_tier' will be uploaded to an external AWS key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--upload_key))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the key.
- `aws_account_id` (String) AWS account ID.
- `aws_key_id` (String) AWS key ID.
- `cloud_name` (String) AWS cloud.
- `created_at` (String) Date the key was created.
- `deletion_date` (String) Date the key is scheduled for deletion.
- `enabled` (Boolean) True if the key is enabled.
- `encryption_algorithms` (List of String) Encryption algorithms of an asymmetric key
- `expiration_model` (String) Expiration model.
- `external_accounts` (Set of String) Other AWS accounts that have access to this key.
- `id` (String) CipherTrust Manager key ID. The legacy format '<aws-region>\<key-id>' is also accepted for backwards compatibility when migrating from beta provider versions.
- `key_admins` (Set of String) Key administrators - users.
- `key_admins_roles` (Set of String) Key administrators - roles.
- `key_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager Key ID.
- `key_manager` (String) Key manager.
- `key_material_origin` (String) Key material origin.
- `key_rotation_enabled` (Boolean) True if rotation is enabled in AWS for this key.
- `key_source` (String) Source of the key.
- `key_state` (String) Key state.
- `key_type` (String) Key type.
- `key_users` (Set of String) Key users - users.
- `key_users_roles` (Set of String) Key users - roles.
- `kms_id` (String) ID of the KMS
- `labels` (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs associated with the key.
- `local_key_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager key identifier of the external key.
- `local_key_name` (String) CipherTrust Manager key name of the external key.
- `multi_region_key_type` (String) Indicates if the key is the primary key or a replica key.
- `multi_region_primary_key` (Map of String)
- `multi_region_replica_keys` (List of Map of String)
- `next_rotation_date` (String) Date when auto-rotation will happen next.
- `policy` (String) AWS key policy.
- `policy_template_tag` (Map of String) AWS key tag for an associated policy template.
- `replica_policy` (String) Replication policy.
- `rotated_at` (String) Time when this key was rotated by a scheduled rotation job.
- `rotated_from` (String) CipherTrust Manager key ID from of the key this key has been rotated from by a scheduled rotation job.
- `rotated_to` (String) CipherTrust Manager key ID which this key has been rotated too by a scheduled rotation job.
- `rotation_status` (String) Rotation status of the key.
- `synced_at` (String) Date the key was synchronized.
- `updated_at` (String) Date the key was last updated.
- `valid_to` (String) Date of key material expiry.

<a id="nestedblock--enable_rotation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enable_rotation`

Required:

- `job_config_id` (String) ID of the scheduler configuration job that will schedule the key rotation.
- `key_source` (String) Key source from where the key will be uploaded. Options are 'ciphertrust' and 'local'. Both use CipherTrust Manager as the key source.

Optional:

- `disable_encrypt` (Boolean) Disable encryption on the old key.
- `disable_encrypt_on_all_accounts` (Boolean) Disable encryption permissions on the old key for all the accounts


<a id="nestedblock--import_key_material"></a>
### Nested Schema for `import_key_material`

Required:

- `source_key_name` (String) Name of the key created for key material.

Optional:

- `key_expiration` (Boolean) Enable key material expiration.
- `source_key_tier` (String) Source of the key material. Current option is 'local' implying a CipherTrust Manager key. Default is 'local'.
- `valid_to` (String) Date of key material expiry in UTC time in RFC3339 format. For example, 2027-07-03T14:24:00Z.


<a id="nestedblock--key_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_policy`

Optional:

- `external_accounts` (Set of String) Other AWS accounts that can access the key.
- `key_admins` (Set of String) Key administrators - users.
- `key_admins_roles` (Set of String) Key administrators - roles.
- `key_users` (Set of String) Key users - users.
- `key_users_roles` (Set of String) Key users - roles.
- `policy` (String) AWS key policy json.
- `policy_template` (String) CipherTrust Manager policy template ID


<a id="nestedblock--replicate_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replicate_key`

Required:

- `key_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager key ID of the key to replicate.

Optional:

- `import_key_material` (Boolean) Import primary key material to the replicated key. Applies to external AWS keys.
- `key_expiration` (Boolean) Enable key expiration of the replicated key. Applies to external AWS keys.
- `make_primary` (Boolean) Update the primary key region to the replicated key's region following replication.
- `valid_to` (String) Date the key material of the replicated key expires. Applies to external AWS keys. Set as UTC time in RFC3339 format. For example, 2027-07-03T14:24:00Z.


<a id="nestedblock--upload_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upload_key`

Required:

- `source_key_identifier` (String) CipherTrust Manager key ID to upload to AWS.

Optional:

- `key_expiration` (Boolean) Enable key expiration.
- `source_key_tier` (String) Source of the key material. Current option is 'local' implying a CipherTrust Manager key. Default is 'local'.
- `valid_to` (String) Date of key expiry in UTC time in RFC3339 format. For example, 2027-07-03T14:24:00Z. Only valid if 'key_expiration' is true.

### Updates

Attributes not marked as `(Updatable)` cannot be modified after resource creation. To change these attributes, the resource must be recreated.

## Import

An AWS key can be imported using its CipherTrust Manager key ID. The key ID
is returned in the API response body as the `id` field and is also visible in
the CCKM interface.

The legacy format `<aws-region>\<key-id>` is still accepted for migration from
older provider versions but the plain key ID is preferred.

### Important: Behaviour after import

After import, Terraform will attempt to make the key match your resource configuration.

If updateable attributes are missing or incorrect they may be updated or removed during `terraform apply`.

In particular, for list and map attributes such as `alias` and `tags`, omitting
them from the resource configuration may remove existing values.

To avoid unintended changes to an existing key, do one of the following:

**Option 1 - Configure the resource block to match the key's current state** before
running `terraform apply`. Set `alias`, `tags`, `description`, `key_policy`,
`enable_rotation`, `enable_key`, `auto_rotate`, `auto_rotation_period_in_days`, and
`primary_region` to their current values so that Terraform detects no diff.

**Option 2 - Use `lifecycle { ignore_changes }` to suppress diffs** on attributes
you are not yet ready for Terraform to manage:

```terraform
lifecycle {
  ignore_changes = [
    alias,
    auto_rotate,
    auto_rotation_period_in_days,
    description,
    enable_key,
    enable_rotation,
    key_policy,
    primary_region,
    tags,
  ]
}
```

The recommended approach (temporary use of `ignore_changes`):

1. Add the `lifecycle { ignore_changes }` block to the resource
2. Run `terraform apply` (or use `terraform import` for Terraform versions earlier than v1.5.0)
3. Run `terraform state show ciphertrust_aws_key.example` to inspect the imported values
4. Update your configuration to match the imported state
5. Remove `ignore_changes` so Terraform manages the attributes going forward

**`enable_rotation`** - not returned by the API; imported state shows an empty block.
If the key is scheduled for rotation, include the `enable_rotation` block with the
correct scheduler details so that Terraform takes ownership of the rotation schedule.
Omitting it is safe - the key remains scheduled for rotation but Terraform will not
manage it. Removing a previously configured `enable_rotation` block during `terraform apply`
unschedules the key for rotation.

**One-time creation blocks** (`upload_key`, `replicate_key`, `import_key_material`) -
these operations are not returned by the API. Simply omit them from the resource block
after import - the operations have already completed and Terraform will detect no diff.

You can import a resource into Terraform in two ways.

### 1. Import using an import block and terraform apply

Only available for Terraform v1.5.0 and later.

When Terraform processes the `import` block it:

1. Reads the key from the API using the provided ID and stores the current values as state
2. Compares that state to your resource block configuration
3. Applies any differences as updates to the key (immediately during the same apply)

All three steps happen within a single `terraform apply` run.

**Step 1 - Import with `ignore_changes`** (safe starting point for any key type):

```terraform
import {
  to = ciphertrust_aws_key.example
  id = "abc12345-1234-1234-1234-123456789012"
}

resource "ciphertrust_aws_key" "example" {
  kms    = "<kms-resource-id>"
  region = "<aws-region>"          # e.g. "us-east-1"
  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [
      alias,
      auto_rotate,
      auto_rotation_period_in_days,
      description,
      enable_key,
      enable_rotation,
      key_policy,
      primary_region,
      tags,
    ]
  }
}
```

**Step 2 - Final config after inspecting state** (remove `ignore_changes` once values
are correct):

```terraform
resource "ciphertrust_aws_key" "example" {
  kms                          = "<kms-resource-id>"
  region                       = "<aws-region>"
  description                  = "<description>"
  alias                        = ["alias/my-key"]
  tags                         = { Environment = "prod" }
  enable_key                   = true
  auto_rotate                  = false
  auto_rotation_period_in_days = 0
  key_policy {
    # set values from terraform state show output
  }
  enable_rotation {
    disable_encrypt = false
    job_config_id   = "<scheduler-resource-id>"
    key_source      = "ciphertrust"
  }
  # primary_region is only required when promoting a replica key to primary
  # primary_region = "<aws-region>"
}
```

The example above shows all updateable attributes. Include only the attributes that
apply to your key - for example, omit `auto_rotate` and `auto_rotation_period_in_days`
if the key does not use AWS-managed rotation, or omit `tags` if the key has no tags.

### 2. Import using the terraform import command

When `terraform import` is run it:

1. Reads the key from the API using the provided ID and stores the current values as state
2. Writes the imported state to the state file - no plan or apply is performed

Before running `terraform apply`, apply Option 1 or Option 2 above to avoid unintended
changes. Run `terraform plan` first to review exactly what would be applied.

```shell
terraform import ciphertrust_aws_key.example abc12345-1234-1234-1234-123456789012
```
