---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_cte_clientgroup_guardpoint Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A GuardPoint specifies the list of folders that contains paths to be protected. Access to files and encryption of files under the GuardPoint is controlled by security policies. GuardPoints created on a client group are applied to all clients in the group. Terraform Destroy will unguard the paths.
---

# ciphertrust_cte_clientgroup_guardpoint (Resource)

A GuardPoint specifies the list of folders that contains paths to be protected. Access to files and encryption of files under the GuardPoint is controlled by security policies. GuardPoints created on a client group are applied to all clients in the group. Terraform Destroy will unguard the paths.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_group_id` (String) CTE Client Group ID.
- `guard_points` (Attributes Map) Map of GuardPoints keyed by guard_path. Each key is the path to guard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--guard_points))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Comma-separated list of GuardPoint IDs managed by this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--guard_points"></a>
### Nested Schema for `guard_points`

Required:

- `guard_point_params` (Attributes) Parameters for this GuardPoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--guard_points--guard_point_params))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) GuardPoint ID returned by the API.

<a id="nestedatt--guard_points--guard_point_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `guard_points.guard_point_params`

Required:

- `guard_point_type` (String) Type of the GuardPoint.
- `policy_id` (String) ID of the policy applied with this GuardPoint.

Optional:

- `automount_enabled` (Boolean) Whether automount is enabled with the GuardPoint.
- `cifs_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable CIFS.
- `data_classification_enabled` (Boolean) Whether data classification is enabled.
- `data_lineage_enabled` (Boolean) Whether data lineage is enabled.
- `disk_name` (String) Name of the disk for Oracle ASM disk group.
- `diskgroup_name` (String) Name of the disk group for Oracle ASM.
- `early_access` (Boolean) Whether secure start is turned on.
- `guard_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the GuardPoint is enabled.
- `intelligent_protection` (Boolean) Flag to enable intelligent protection.
- `is_idt_capable_device` (Boolean) Whether the device is IDT capable.
- `mfa_enabled` (Boolean) Whether MFA is enabled.
- `network_share_credentials_id` (String) ID of the credentials for network share.
- `preserve_sparse_regions` (Boolean) Whether to preserve sparse file regions.
